Aws backend support (#687)
uyuni-project/sumaform: backend_modules/aws/README.md

| region             | string | `null`        | AWS region where infrastructure will be created                          |
| availability_zone  | string | `null`        | AWS availability zone inside region                                      |
| ssh_allowed_ips    | array  | `[]`          | Array of IP's to white list for ssh connection                           |
| key_name           | string | `null`        | ssh key name in AWS                                                      |
| key_file           | string | `null`        | ssh key file                                                             |
| bastion_host       | string | `null`        | bastian host use to connect machines in private network                  |
| additional_network | string | `null`        | A network mask for PXE tests                                             |

An example follows:
```hcl-terraform
...
provider_settings = {
    region            = "eu-west-3"
    availability_zone = "eu-west-3a"
    ssh_allowed_ips   = ["1.2.3.4"]
    key_name = "my-aws-key"
    key_file = "/path/to/key.pem"
}
...
```

### Host modules

> Following settings apply to all modules that create one or more hosts of the same kind, such as `suse_manager`, `suse_manager_proxy`, `client`, `grafana`, `minion`, `mirror`, `sshminion`, `pxe_boot` and `virthost`:

Reviewer: Please document `pxe_boot` is not supported if it is actually not at least in the version we are merging.

(IOW it's completely OK, just let's be upfront about limitations)

| Variable name   | Type     | Default value                                                    | Description                                                         |
|-----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| key_name        | string   | [from base Module](base-module)                                  | ssh key name in AWS                                                 |
| key_file        | string   | [from base Module](base-module)                                  | ssh key file                                                        |

> | ssh_user        | string   | Aws OS specify ssh user (ec2-user, centos, ubuntu, etc)          | ssh user to use in ssh into the machine for provisioning            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ssh_user        | string   | OS-specific SSH user (ec2-user, centos, ubuntu, etc)          | ssh user to use in ssh into the machine for provisioning            |
```

> | bastion_host    | string   | [from base Module](base-module)                                  | bastian host use to connect machines in private network             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bastion_host    | string   | [from base Module](base-module)                                  | bastion host used to connect to machines in the private network             |
```

> | public_instance | boolean  | `false`                                                          | boolean to set host to private or public network                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| public_instance | boolean  | `false`                                                          | boolean to connect host either to the private or the public network                    |
```

| volume_size     | number   | `50`                                                             | main volume size in GB                                              |
| instance_type   | string   | `t2.micro`([apart from specific roles](Default-values-by-role))  | [AWS instance type](https://aws.amazon.com/pt/ec2/instance-types/)  |

An example follows:
```hcl
...
  provider_settings = {
    public_instance = true
    instance_type   = "t2.small"
  }
...
```

`server`, `proxy` and `mirror` modules have configuration settings specific for extra data volumes, those are set via the `volume_provider_settings` map variable. They are described below.

>  * `volume_snapshot_id = <String>` data volume snapshot id to be used as base for the new disk (default value `null`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `volume_snapshot_id`: data volume snapshot id to be used as base for the new disk (default value: `null`)
```

>  * `type = <String>` Disk type that should be used (default value `sc1`). One of: "standard", "gp2", "io1", "sc1" or "st1".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `type`: volume type that should be used (default value `sc1`). See the list at the [AWS EBS Volume Type documentation page](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html).
```

(you'll never know when they add more)

 An example follows:
 ``` hcl
volume_provider_settings = {

>   volume_snapshot_id = "my-data-snapshot"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  volume_snapshot_id = "snap-0123abcd"
```
